Platfrom data available.md (#4361)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-amplitude/index.md

> The classic Amplitude destination captures the following user fields in device-mode (when it runs on the user's device):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The classic Amplitude destination captures the Device Type (for example, Mac, PC, mobile devices) user field in device-mode (when it runs on the user's device).
```

> - Device Type (for example, Mac, PC, mobile device)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Amplitude (Actions) runs in cloud-mode, and does not capture this field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplitude (Actions) runs in cloud-mode, and doesn't capture this field.
```
